Another type of binding that might not be
obvious because it's not a form element
is the media element binding.
And there's a bunch of different
media element bindings,
there's the current time, there's
the volume, there's the post state.
All of these things can be
added to a media element.
And there's quite a lot of markup in this
tutorial, so if you wanna dive into it,
then have a look at this in your own time.
But for now, I'm just gonna go down
here and click on the Show me button so
that we can see what this actually
looks like once we've added
all of the bindings to this video element.
And we bind it to the current time,
we bind it to the duration, and
we bind it to the post date, and we're
using those to build the video player UI.
Click anywhere on here,
and the video will start.
I can drag, rewind, and click to pause.
Now, a nice thing about the media
element bindings is that they're not
just using native DOM events.
They're actually using
requestAnimationFrame,
where applicable, so that the current time
is updated 60 times a second as opposed
to four times a second or thereabouts,
which is what you get if you're using
progress events on the media elements.
I keep talking about media elements
instead of video elements,
because the same thing also
works with audio elements.
Something else that is
occasionally quite useful,
is to be able to get a binding
to an element's dimensions.
Every block-level element, which is to
say things like divs, and paragraphs,
and anything else that has
the display code and block style, and
can have a client with clientHeight offset
with offsetHeight bindings collectively
turned by mentioned bindings.
Now, these are read-only.
You can't set the value, and
change the width and height of an element.
But if the element's width and
height changes naturally as
a result of the CSS change or
the user interacting with it somehow,
then the value will go
back up to the component.
So here are our values
inside our script block.
Here's our marker, and
what we want is to add some
bindings to the div down
here that will get printed
inside this paragraph.
So we're gonna add bind:clientWidth= (w),
and bind:clientHeight = (h).
And now if you edit this text,
[SOUND] You'll see
that the size here is
changing automatically, and
if we change the font size
the same thing happens.
The way that this works is, it actually
adds an iframe inside the element.
And then, it binds to that
iframes window EventListener,
which is a pretty clever technique,
although you don't wanna have a huge
number of iframes on your page to do this.
So this is a binding that
you should use sparingly.